**General Update**

TS scripts forked from flashbots can now accept any arbitrary token as input and will push all relevant arb data to a JSON file.
'Executor.ts' creates a local host HTTP server to enable the main Script.py file to call functions from the TS files - this took longer than expected to build.
Added functionality that allows for an arbitrary number of index.ts instances to be created. Specifically one instance per call from the main python script,
essemtially functioning as a multithreading system and saving some computing time.

Tasks for next week include adding latest block number to arb path JSON files (to filter out any data that is not from latest block)
and then matching up arb txs to create multilegged trades.
The way that the bot currently works is that it will take a token address and find all the arbitrageable uni v2 pools for that token,
the script currently does this on each instance of index.ts and each instance is passed a different token address as an argument. 
This results in (currently 3) JSON files that display arb data in the following format:

*(File 1: $UNI)*
1. UNI -> Token X
2. Token X -> UNI

1. UNI -> Token Y
2. Token Y -> UNI
...

*(File 2: $LINK)*
1. LINK -> Token Z
2. Token Z -> LINK

1. LINK -> Token A
2. Token A -> LINK
...

And so on.


The plan is to have a function that searches through all the files and looks if there is any overlap in the arb trades, i.e. if there is an A->B->A trade present,
and also a B->C->B trade present, the function will sandwich the two together so you end up with an A->B->C->B->A trade, where you'd be hitting 3 liquidity pools and 3 tokens.
After this is done we can start looking at feeding that data into the bellman ford script to determine the most profitable trade, which can then be sent as a bundle to a relay.

