Progress Report, 3rd July 2023

**Successes:**

- First DEX interactions

Successfuly called price of arbitrary tokens from Uniswap from the main python script. The scripts for uniswap price calls are written in javascript which cannot be called directly
from python, but a workaround was found by creating a local host server that acts as an intermediary and lets the two communicate. In future it'll be necessary to use an external 
server (AWS maybe) due to performance issues, but for now this works fine.

- Sent a tx to testnet

Used the Alchemy API to programatically send a simple eth transfer to the Sepolia testnet (Hash: 0x96e070e94e6be20b1a59bea6fd7134ebc0d1c56299e34faaec88083fbc56e0b7). 

- Basic Bellman-Ford implementation

Created a script that implements the Bellman-Ford algorithm. In future this will be modified to take trade simulations as arguments but for now it simply acts as a proof of concept.

**Next Steps:**

- Proxy Contract Issue

When calling prices from Uniswap, the standard GetPriceNoProxy script will throw an 'is not a function' error if one of the tokens in the pair uses a proxy contract (As it happens,
USDC does in fact use a proxy). To get around this we hardcoded the relevant values, but this requires two new functions (one for base, one for quote) for each proxy token and such
a system would not scale well to 1000s of tokens.

- Update error handling

JS scripts need to catch all potential errors when calling price and stop if an error is detected - otherwise the python script could execute a trade on faulty price information and
lose money.

- Factor in tx costs

For CEXes this should be relatively easy, but more complex for DEXes (gas fees, PGAs, slippage, etc). Tx simulations should take all these factors into account.
